Iqss/7140 google cloud archiver (#7292)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/sphinx-guides/source/installation/config.rst

``curl http://localhost:8080/api/admin/settings/:ArchiverSettings -X PUT -d ":BagItLocalPath"``

:BagItLocalPath is the file path that you've set in :ArchiverSettings.

.. _Google Cloud Configuration:

Google Cloud Configuration
++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The Google Cloud Archiver can send Dataverse Bags to a bucket in Google's cloud, including those in the 'Coldline' storage class (cheaper, with slower access) 

``curl http://localhost:8080/api/admin/settings/:ArchiverClassName -X PUT -d "edu.harvard.iq.dataverse.engine.command.impl.GoogleCloudSubmitToArchiveCommand"``

``curl http://localhost:8080/api/admin/settings/:ArchiverSettings -X PUT -d ":":GoogleCloudBucket, :GoogleCloudProject"``

The Google Cloud Archiver defines two custom settings, both are required:

\:GoogleCloudBucket - the name of the bucket to use. For example:

``curl http://localhost:8080/api/admin/settings/:GoogleCloudBucket -X PUT -d "qdr-archive"``

\:GoogleCloudProject - the name of the project managing the bucket. For example:

> ``curl http://localhost:8080/api/admin/settings/:GoogleCloudProject -X PUT -d "qdr-project"``

Reviewer: When all the BagIt export stuff was initially merged, it didn't dawn on me that we lost our comprehensive list of settings in one place.

I think it would be nice to document :ArchiverSettings in the big list and probably all the various sub-settings like :GoogleCloudBucket, :GoogleCloudProject, and the older ones (:BagItLocalPath, etc.).

From a code perspective, I think I'd also like to see strings like :GoogleCloudBucket, :GoogleCloudProject, :BagItLocalPath, etc. added to the "Key" enum in SettingsServiceBean.java. That way, developers can also have a comprehensive list of all settings.

Author: I'll add them to the guides list. The :ArchiverSettings is a Key already. For the others, I think earlier discussions questioned whether the archive-specific classes would end up being deployed separately, in which case having their settings in the core would be odd. Since that's not on the roadmap at this point, I could move them temporarily if you think its worth the effort.

Reviewer: Now that @poikilotherm is refactoring settings in PR #11654 the time to move settings like `:BagItLocalPath` from a string into the enum is now.

The BagIT test sets `:BagItLocalPath` and in that PR it is failing with a 400 and "The name of the setting is invalid."

To enable redirects to the zipper on a different server: 

``curl -X PUT -d 'https://zipper.example.edu/cgi-bin/zipdownload' http://localhost:8080/api/admin/settings/:CustomZipDownloadServiceUrl`` 

:ArchiverClassName
++++++++++++++++++

> Dataverse can export archival "Bag' files to an extensible set of storage systems (see :ref:`BagIt Export` above for details about this and for further explanation of the other archiving related settings below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dataverse can export archival "Bag" files to an extensible set of storage systems (see :ref:`BagIt Export` above for details about this and for further explanation of the other archiving related settings below).
```

This setting specifies which storage system to use by identifying the particular Java class that should be run. Current options include DuraCloudSubmitToArchiveCommand, LocalSubmitToArchiveCommand, and GoogleCloudSubmitToArchiveCommand.

``curl -X PUT -d 'LocalSubmitToArchiveCommand' http://localhost:8080/api/admin/settings/:ArchiverClassName`` 
 
:ArchiverSettings
+++++++++++++++++

> Each Archiver class may have it's own custom settings. Along with setting which Archiver class to use, one must use this setting to identify which setting values should be sent to it when it is invoked. The value should be a comma-spearate list of setting names. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Archiver class may have its own custom settings. Along with setting which Archiver class to use, one must use this setting to identify which setting values should be sent to it when it is invoked. The value should be a comma-separated list of setting names.
```
